# Contributing to Chef Provisioning AWS

- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance)
- [Release Process](#release)

<a name="acceptance">
## Resource/Provider Acceptance Criteria

All resources and providers in Chef Provisioning AWS must fulfill the [common acceptance criteria]
(https://github.com/chef/chef-provisioning/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for
all Chef Provisioning projects.  In addition, Chef Provisioning AWS has the following additional
acceptance criteria:

1.  When an AWS object supports dependent objects, the resource must also have a `:purge` action which destroys all dependent AWS objects, as well as the specified object.
  1. This is primarily for development purposes, and should be documented as such.
  2. The action must print a warning when called, so that users know that the resource does not properly clean up data bag references to purged objects.
1. If an object can be tagged in the Amazon Ruby SDK, the resource must have a convergent `aws_tags` attribute.
  1. This is traditionally done by extending the resource with the `Chef::Provisioning::AWSDriver::AWSTaggable` module and adding a `converge_tags` method to the provider which leverages the `AWSTagger` class.
1. If the AWS object is not identified primarily by its name but instead by an auto generated ID, the resource must store a mapping between the resource name and the AWS object ID.
  1. This is to support `aws_instance 'my instance'` being able to converge the instance `'i-12345678'` after the first chef run when the id is generated by AWS.
1.  Any AWS resource that referes to another AWS resource (EG, `subnet` has a `vpc` attribute) should be able to accept a resource name, the AWS object identifier (if it is different from the resource name), the AWS object or a resource object as the attribute value.

<a name="release">
## Release Process

See https://github.com/chef/chef-provisioning/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#release-process
